hey this is Jeff diamond from DBZ
diamond and you're here today watching
diamond TV and we're gonna talk about
one of our Rx Series guitars in
particular this is the Cavallo Rx and
the GS X finish great guitar super
dynamic fabulous playing gets our cool
graphics so let's talk about this guitar
and take a look at it for those of you
that are V fans you're already familiar
with our Cavallo shape one of the neat
things about the Cavallo shape is all
the contours in the body you've got the
stylized contours running all over here
and here you've got the cut ends here in
here where you get the nice contours
going into the body beautiful cut ends
in the back of the guitar as well that
make it really comfortable in playing
position so you're already familiar with
that shape in this case we wanted to
make something even a little bit more
aggressive and so inspired by some of
the faster motorcycles we wanted to do
the Rx Series guitars which as you've
seen on the RX series video features
four different models this particular
one is just one of my favorite graphics
the black yellow and white graphic super
fast nice conflict and the graphic
really makes the guitar stand out and
it's a big bold statement right so other
features of this guitar is the the V
plate design with the two pneumatic
bridge you've got your volume and tone
and three-way controls here so you get
all three pickup positions from your
bridge to your neck to your split
position right tone volume featuring the
r15 bridge pickup and the n9c neck
pickup again pickups that were designed
by me for optimum response and working
with your amplifier the r15 pickup nice
hot pick up couples very well with the
v-shaped body gives it a good heavy
aggressive tone but retains a tremendous
amount of clarity and a tremendous
amount of warmth it just turned out to
be a fabulous combination of hot pickup
verses good clarity which is nice low
end an aggressive feel without any of
the muddiness n9c with the classic neck
pickup for nice round leads
custom rx inlay Grover tuning keys black
hardware and as we mentioned the custom
rx finished word about this finish for
you normally when you see finishes like
this on guitars in today's market you're
getting you're getting a graphic you're
getting a sticker underneath the clear
coat with the rx series we didn't want
to do this this is a solid guitar very
good high-end guitar at a good mid price
point so we wanted the finish to be
right so everything you're looking at is
mask and paint we custom design the
frisket and it's all hand painted in the
graphic so you don't have yellowing or
fading over time it's a high-end guitar
everywhere every stretch of the
imagination
all of the upgraded features but at a
really solid mid price point so that you
get a terrific guitar something that's
not going to break the bank and makes a
bold statement for your playing so that
is the mahogany body rosewood
fingerboard mahogany neck rx Cavallo the
Kavala Rx and the gsx finished black in
yellow the white r15 all of the
accessories all of the features and
available to you now so again my name is
Jeff diamond from DBZ diamond you've
been watching this video on the Cavallo
rx in the GS x finish thanks for tuning
in